Sparks, A. (2019). *The Impact of Plant Pathology on the Global Economy.* Invited presentation delivered at the "IX Symposium on Updates in Phytopathology" held in Viçosa, Minas Gerais, BRA.

Sparks, A. (2019). *Delivering and Supporting Open Science Practices Through Open Plant Pathology.* Invited presentation delivered at the October 2019 Queensland Chapter APPS Seminar Series, held in Toowoomba, Queensland, AUS.

Sparks, A. (2019). *Climate Change May Have Limited Effect on Global Risk of Potato Late Blight.* Invited presentation delivered at the workshop on “Food System Impacts of Pests & Pathogens in a Changing Climate” hosted by Aspen Initiative held in Aspen, Colorado, USA.

Sparks, A. (2019). *Pre and In-Season Tools to Inform Broadacre Grains Growers* Invited presentation delivered at Southern Cross University in Lismore, New South Wales, AUS.

Sparks, A. (2019). *From Models to Maps and IDM In-Between.* Invited presentation delivered at the Australian National University in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory, AUS.

Sparks, A. (2019). *What's so Open About Plant Pathology?* Invited presentation delivered at the "Openness and Reproducibility in Science" symposium, hosted by Australian National University, held in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory, AUS

Sparks, A. (2018). *University of Southern Queensland, Centre for Crop Health, Summer Crop Pathology.* Invited presentation delivered during visit to TEGASC Oak Park Campus in Carlow, IRL.

Sparks, A., A.D. Nelson, K.A. Garrett, C. Gilligan and K. Pembleton. (2018). *Upscaling models, downscaling data or the right model for the right scale of application?* Invited presentation delivered at the "2018 International Congress of Plant Pathology" held in Boston, Massachusetts, USA.

Sparks, A. (2016). *Using modelling and mapping for digital insights into diseases in the rice field.* Invited presentation delivered at the "2016 Korean Society of Plant Pathology Fall Meeting and International Conference" at Seoul National University, Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do, KOR.

Sparks, A., N. P. Castilla and G. S. Arida. (2014). *Taking sustainable crop protection from the field to the cloud.* Invited presentation delivered at the "4th International Rice Congress (IRC2014)" in Bangkok, THA.

Sparks, A. (2014). *Impact of climate change on rice diseases.* Invited presentation delivered at the "Workshop on the impact of climate change on crop pests and diseases, and adaptation strategies for the Greater Mekong Sub -- Region (GMS)" at Hotel Continental Saigon, Ho Chi Minh City, VNM.

Sparks, A. (2014). *Epidemiology and Disease Management of rice brown spot: Research priorities and knowledge gaps.* Invited presentation delivered at the "66th Annual Indian Phytopathological Society Meeting" at Indira Gandhi Krishi Vishwavidyalaya University, Raipur, IND.

Sparks, A. (2013). *Biosecurity risks in Southeast Asia impacting on human food supplies.* Invited presentation delivered at the "Pacific Environmental Security Forum" hosted by the Australian Department of Defence (ADoD) and U. S. Pacific Command (USPACOM) in Sydney, New South Wales, AUS.

Sparks, A. (2010). *Global potato late blight risk in response to climate change, possible futures for a historic disease.* Invited presentation presented at "Emerging infectious diseases in response to climate change" hosted by New York Academy of Sciences in New York, New York, USA.
